I really enjoy working with the hockey
players because they're incredible
athletes I have witnessed firsthand what
their training regimen looks like and
how important fuel is for their recovery
so we know that certain foods give their
muscle glycogen stores a boost and so if
they're racing to the pumpkin over time
then we know that they're going to be
the team that comes out on top your
whole face of yourself
if you want to eat a burrito I followed
it all the way around issues as a guy
here
what's that what do you mean what was
that
No
Oh
what you're going to be doing is you're
going to be making protein bars okay but
you get to put whatever you want it okay
so you have the option of putting it
oats or rice krispies I hope you going
to be judged
on the space
the texture of it how it looks it's
attritional concept so it has to be good
who gives a bigger here I'll make so
many cherries all right p 500 grams late
we get a little bit more funny now hey
all nuts walnuts way up a little bit
walnuts ooh with pecans and walnuts
so we'll put it on a ball and garnish it
so one
I have to do mine
there was one team that completely
dominated the face fest it was